README.md, before:

Palindrome Backend
by Damika


# Stages of the project

### 1. Stage One 
> Basic website (palindrome) with basic functionalities,
> No adds, 
> Basically seems as a prototype of the facebook,
> No XP level,
> No chat facilities, 
> No leaderboard,
> No shops,
> No games
- Anyone can make accounts 
  - using facebook, google, apple, microsoft
  - using the form too
- Publish posts
  - report others' posts
  - Like
  - comment
    - comment tree too should be ok
  - share -> This should wait until I finish the pages and groups :)
    - private - only in your wall
    - public - share to your friends and your wall
    - groups
- Put status and view status
  - cannot put options like share, comment, reactions
- Can maintain own profile page viewing own details to others (viewers)
- Can make groups
    - have owners, authors, users etc.
    - can publish posts
    - etc
- Can make Pages
  - publish posts
  - only one owner
- Maintain friends (No more than 5000)
- Everyone can change(update) their own setting (maintain the settings page)
- Search
  - public search among users, groups, pages
- Notifications 
  - friend requests
  - group invites
  - pages invite to follow their page.
  - new posts on pages and groups and from friends
  - warnings or information from the developers
  - etc
- More Info page 
  - to describe about our project, future goals, etc.
- Donate to maintain this project
  - why you should donate(because of heavy charges of servers)
- Suggestions
- Contact us
  - To send private messages to the community 
- Logout


### 2. Stage Two
> We should Introduce XP level. 
> For there should be sufficient reasons to popular the XP level,
> No games and shops

- XP level - Can be seen on the top navigation bar
  - your xp level goes up
    - when you make your profile
    - making friends
    - making sharing posts
    - make pages and followers
    - groups
    - etc.
  - xp level goes down
    - when your posts reported
    - when unfriend someone
    - unsuccessful pages and groups
    - etc.
- Leaderboard - based on XP level
  - shows the top ten xp leaders for improve the xp concept
- Chatter box - Like messenger in face book
  - This is like the messenger 
  - but your profile is linked to the palindrome account
  - you can view status though this app (maybe in mobile version)
- Improve the More Info page including new functionalities.


### 3. Stage Three
>This is the section of the appetite about the financial side,
> So we have to introduce new functionalities to earn money

- Introduce adds
    - according to your region you can publish adds or on publicly
    - as a status
    - as a post
    - etc.
- Introduce a game page and the shop page.
  - games are mainly based on improving the xp level
  - shops are mainly based on buying the things in games.
  - When you're developing this page call game developers publicly as offers
  - payment gateways
  - accept crypto
  - etc.
- Remove the donate page.
  - If someone wants to donate for our community they can buy gifts from the shop page
- Add the new items to more info page

### 4. Stage Four
>In here we're going to make the mobile application to our software,
> Improve the scalability of palindrome. And this is the deploying stage :)

- Build the Mobile app for palindrome.
  - All functionalities in the web page can be accessed through the mobile device.
- Build another app for Chatterbox
  - You can use chatterbox through palindrome app 
  - But in here chatterbox is only visible
  - and also you can view status too
- Update more info page

### 5. Stage Five -> ***Most Important Stage***
>Until here anyone can blame to Palindrome you're copying facebook and Whatsapp
> But here is the time to change those all blames
> In here we apply loads of concepts based on Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Cyber-security, Psychology, Virtual Reality so-and-so forth

- Get a connection with NFTs
  - like everyone can maintain a NFT according to their profile
  - introduce NFT store in the shop page
  - NFTs are relevant to all games
- Try to get the main game as "Pali-City"
  - you can buy lands, have many events like car races, shops etc.
- Go 3D
  - Try VR mode to palindrome
  - mainly on Pali-City game (like ready player one)
  - group calls
  - if someone hasn't enough money to get VR they have same functionalities in 2D version.

Commit message:

Try to set the system to the first level
settled the launch pop up window
changed the launch body
reaction set
settings error solved not applied
suggestions completed without delete button

README.md, after:

Palindrome Backend
by Damika


# Stages of the project

### 1. Stage One 
> Basic website (palindrome) with basic functionalities,
> No adds, 
> Basically seems as a prototype of the facebook,
> No XP level,
> No chat facilities, 
> No leaderboard,
> No shops,
> No games
- Anyone can make accounts 
  - using facebook, google, apple, microsoft
  - using the form too
- Publish posts
  - report others' posts
  - Like
  - comment
    - comment tree too should be ok
  - share -> This should wait until I finish the pages and groups :)
    - private - only in your wall
    - public - share to your friends and your wall
    - groups
- Put status and view status
  - cannot put options like share, comment, reactions
- Can maintain own profile page 
  - viewing own details to others (viewers)
  - ascending all the user details according to the date
- Can make groups (including pages)
    - have owners, authors, users etc.
    - can publish posts
    - etc
- Maintain friends (No limitation ;) -> All friends can be viewed in one pop-up window
- Everyone can change(update) their own setting (maintain the settings page)
- Search
  - public search among users, groups, pages
- Notifications 
  - friend requests
  - group invites
  - pages invite to follow their page.
  - new posts on pages and groups and from friends
  - warnings or information from the developers
  - etc
- More Info page 
  - to describe about our project, future goals, etc.
- (removed this part) Donate to maintain this project
- Both Suggestions and Contact us in one page
  - To send private messages to the community 
- Logout


### 2. Stage Two
> We should Introduce XP level. 
> For there should be sufficient reasons to popular the XP level,
> No games and shops

- XP level - Can be seen on the top navigation bar
  - your xp level goes up
    - when you make your profile
    - making friends
    - making sharing posts
    - make pages and followers
    - groups
    - etc.
  - xp level goes down
    - when your posts reported
    - when unfriend someone
    - unsuccessful pages and groups
    - etc.
- Leaderboard - based on XP level
  - shows the top ten xp leaders for improve the xp concept
- Chatter box - Like messenger in face book
  - This is like the messenger 
  - but your profile is linked to the palindrome account
  - you can view status though this app (maybe in mobile version)
- Improve the More Info page including new functionalities.


### 3. Stage Three
>This is the section of the appetite about the financial side,
> So we have to introduce new functionalities to earn money

- Introduce adds
    - according to your region you can publish adds or on publicly
    - as a status
    - as a post
    - etc.
- Introduce a game page and the shop page.
  - games are mainly based on improving the xp level
  - shops are mainly based on buying the things in games.
  - When you're developing this page call game developers publicly as offers
  - payment gateways
  - accept crypto
  - etc.
- Remove the donate page.
  - If someone wants to donate for our community they can buy gifts from the shop page
- Add the new items to more info page

### 4. Stage Four
>In here we're going to make the mobile application to our software,
> Improve the scalability of palindrome. And this is the deploying stage :)

- Build the Mobile app for palindrome.
  - All functionalities in the web page can be accessed through the mobile device.
- Build another app for Chatterbox
  - You can use chatterbox through palindrome app 
  - But in here chatterbox is only visible
  - and also you can view status too
- Update more info page

### 5. Stage Five -> ***Most Important Stage***
>Until here anyone can blame to Palindrome you're copying facebook and Whatsapp
> But here is the time to change those all blames
> In here we apply loads of concepts based on Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Cyber-security, Psychology, Virtual Reality so-and-so forth

- Get a connection with NFTs
  - like everyone can maintain a NFT according to their profile
  - introduce NFT store in the shop page
  - NFTs are relevant to all games
- Try to get the main game as "Pali-City"
  - you can buy lands, have many events like car races, shops etc.
- Go 3D
  - Try VR mode to palindrome
  - mainly on Pali-City game (like ready player one)
  - group calls
  - if someone hasn't enough money to get VR they have same functionalities in 2D version.
